May 4th
	Today I have played a little bit of boxhead in order to refresh myself of
	the many features the game has to offer. I have refreshed my memory of the game,
	they layout, the guns etc. For the next class session I will, together with my group, 
	work on this project. Although, my group is also thinking about changing what we are doing
	so we might talk about that in the next class session

May 5th
	Today my group talkled about exactly what we wanted to do for the symposium. 
	We have decided on doing a pokemon mystery dungeon esque game but with different 
	features and battle system from fire emblem or final fantasy.
	My goal for Monday will be able to get my first class, the unit and it's contstructor
	finished.
May 8th
	I have started in the battle method which is just a rough draft of what the actual method
	will be like. There will most likely be changes to the method in order to actually cooperate with
	Richard's code. I have a few other methods that I need to work on in order to get the battle method
	to actually make any sort of sense. My goal for tomorrow will be to finish those methods, and 
	provided that Richard has finished making the different types of Characters, my methods may or 
	may not be finished.
May 9th
	I have learned key listener which will enable us to move the character sprite throughout
	the overworld as well as allow us to enable pop up text and screen switching through the 
	keyboard instead of the mouse. I have also made a super class called Character which will implement
	two interfaces called Player and Enemy which will help out my battle method. My goal for tomorrow will
	be to continue working on the rest of the methods, and help Richard with the Character class.
May 10th
	I have helped Richard create the Character class and have begun building the methods inside the class.
	I have made the setStats, getStats, getName, and setName getters and setters for the super class
	Character. This will allow my battle methods to get the names and the stats of the character in order 
	to calculate the outcome of each and every battle to succession. My goal for tomorrow would to finish up this
	class so my battle method would finish.
May 11th
	I have *almost* finished the Character class, and have successfully called the stats and the moves from
	the player character. This makes my battle class easier to code because I now know that I can reliably 
	get the stats and the moves in order to make the battle go smoothly. With Richard, we have also 
	implemented the level up system, and adjusting stats accordingly. My goal for tomorrow would be to finish up 
	the Character class, and the Enemy interface.
May 12th
	I spent today drawing the 5th level of our game, and making a new class Monster which will be used for
	all the monsters. This will give Joey a look at what he has to code for our project. My goal for Monday 
	will be to finish up the Monster Class.
May 15th
	I have helped Richard create the Monster Class and now it is working as intended. I can now get the monster
	stats and moves. This helps my battle class because I can finally start working on it now that I can grab
	both monster and player stats and moves to be able to calculate the outcome of each battle. My goal for
	next time will be to finish up my battle class so we can actually test the results of battles and get the
	battle system ongoing.
Mat 17th
	I have spent today finishing up my battle method, and it works but the battle happens way too fast which isn't
	what was intended. With Mr. Nockles creating the new methods in my battle class, I can now make the battle
	happen slower and actually make the game turn based instead of just watching the entire battle happen in the 
	blink of an eye. No boss battle would be intense if you knew the result the moment you engage in battle,
	and had no actual say in the battle itself. My goal for tomorrow will be to mess around with the run method 
	in order to produce desireable results.
May 22nd
	I have spent today talking about the Character Creation screen with Richard. We have also talked with Nockles
	about the run method and learned about the thread things. I now know that I can look back at the Simon Lights
	game and implement the wait method from back then in order to simulate a turn based battle. My goal for 
	tomorrow will be to use this method and actually get some progress done.
May 23rd
	I have fixed the battle class, and have gotten the battle to work correctly. It is now a turned based battle
	that works completely. I have started working on the hud that is supposed to pop up with a button, then 
	disappear after pressing the button again, provided that no other popups are occupying the screen. For tomorrow,
	I will try to work on that and also work on the character creation screen with Richard in order to merge code
	with Joey.
May 24th
	I have spent today with Richard working on the character creation screen. We have successfully made the computer
	differentiate between which genders were selected. When the player presses the left or right arrow key and enter
	after that, they will be asked a confirmation of their gender of their selection. I will continue to work on these
	character creation screens with Richard.
May 25th
	I have spent today working on the name screen with Richard. We have successfully created a textbox that will 
	display the name that is being typed while it is being time. We have also updated the GUI to use GUITeacher 
	so we have a more vast amount of code. With the new GUI, there are many new functions and that will
	benefit us in the future for future code. I will work on the rest of the screens with Richard next time.
May 26th
`	I spent today working on the Battle class with Richard and Mr. Nockles. We added new monsters to the floor 
	which will allow the floors to contain more than one monster and possibly gang up on the player. My goal
	for tomorrow will be to finish the method so the project will be finished.